source/api/matches/match_enter.rst, before:

/matches/<id>/enter
===================

TODO: add error status code

.. http:post:: /matches/(int: id)/enter

    Enter a match.

    Participants need a team to enter a match. These teams are created on demand
    when entering a match and each user, except for the one that created the team,
    receives an invitation to participate as part of the team.

    Only when all members have accepted is the team participating in the match.

    :param int id: unique id of the match

    :<json string token: JWT token of the active user session
    :<json list[string] members: list of usernames (without the user creating the
        team) to invite to the team

    :status 200: when user is logged in and all the users are available
    :status 401: when the user is not logged in

    **Example request**:

    .. sourcecode:: http

        POST /matches/42/enter HTTP/1.1
        Host: example.com
        Accept: application/json
        Content-Type: application/json

        {
            "token": "JWT_TOKEN",
            "members": [
                "user1",
                "user2",
                "user3"
            ]
        }

Commit message:

Added /matches/<slug>/enter endpoint to create teams for matches

source/api/matches/match_enter.rst, after:

/matches/<slug>/enter
===================

.. http:post:: /matches/(string: slug)/enter

    Enter a match.

    Participants need a team to enter a match. These teams are created on demand
    when entering a match and have a unique token that the owner of the group
    can use to invite others to the team.

    The team will **only** participate in the match if `Team.num_members` is
    between the minimum and maximum number of members allowed in a match (
    `Team.is_participating` is changed to true when that condition is satisfied).

    A `TeamMember` record is created for the owner when the team is created, so
    it is necessary to check whether a record for the match already exists.

    :param string slug: unique slug of the match

    :<json string token: JWT token of the active user session

    :>json string invite_token: token used to invite others to the team

    :status 200: when user is logged in and the match is available
    :status 401: when the user is not logged in
    :status 404: when the match does not exist
    :status 409: when a `TeamMember` record already exists for the user-match
        pair

    **Example request**:

    .. sourcecode:: http

        POST /matches/practice-match/enter HTTP/1.1
        Host: example.com
        Accept: application/json
        Content-Type: application/json

        {
            "token": "JWT_TOKEN",
        }

    **Example response**:

    .. sourcecode:: http

        HTTP/1.1 200 OK
        Content-Type: application/json

        {
            "invite_token": "abcdefghijk"
        }
